okay so first before I start this video
I would like to say that um this video
is made for the contest and you can see
the video right hello name draaga fans
and I'm going I'm making a video on my
Ninjago contest and this contest is held
by fractal one two three four and you
can see his channel right there okay so
here is my custom Ninjago temple and up
here in the front there's some rocks and
this psycho flakes and you can push this
open turn go to the first floor and then
here we have I don't know what this is I
just put that there
and if you pull this out then this axe
will come down into any bad guy that's
there like it's don't worry ER and up
here we have the hidden dagger set it's
a mini set and this goes up and down and
there's a dagger right there and goes
and dagger and up here is the weapon
room there's a lot of weapons right
there and you can just take them off
like that and there's a barrel right
here that has a wrench there's something
like that and there's the jetpack right
here you can put that on to any ninja
well the newer ones jetpack that's
custom made and over here we have a
sword armor and a helmet right there
it's kind of hard to focus what whatever
and yeah that is that floor and up here
we have the training zone right here you
can have a ninja jumping over the swords
and everything and here we have
Spinjitzu trainer thing it's it spins
him and he can go all around and you
know it trains them first there's
Spinjitzu thing and back here we are
right here we have this dummy you can
hit it and stuff it's just a yellow guy
he doesn't have a head or anything no
face just a dummy where you can practice
on him
and up here you have the bedrooms or the
ninja sleep and you're staying right
here and you can take out the bed see
this is a bed and put them on then just
put them in there with all the other
ninjas it's kind of hard to see Cole but
he's there and up here there's her on
this side here's their or this is Zane's
tornado the earth Spinjitzu
tornado thing and up here this serves
for multiple purposes as you can see
it's also like a tornado thing and you
can put your drag in there it's like a
dragon perch it can be like that and
that's one of them you can also just
have a ninja battle up here because like
that and you can just have a ninja
battling up here like him seen this is
Cole just back like that and you can
also do Spinjitzu battles spinner
battles and you can take this off like
that
just you know something like that and
that is my name jogo temple right there
yeah
I would like to shout out some channels
crack jaw one two three four
zach is Abbas seven Leonardo hey scam
and Keegan's ex Cowan
Eduardo Diaz Zoey brick and last but not
least like core coupe Rider